thousands of people have gathered at
Beirut airports seeking to leave Lebanon
as the risk of regional military
escalation grows the US the UK and
France are among countries that have
urged their citizens to leave many
airlines have canceled or suspended
services to and from Lebanon well for
more on this we're going to go to Beirut
Airport and speak to Ali Hashim and can
you just give us an idea of the sense of
urgency there is there for people to get
out well Tom today compared to the past
couple of days it's less crowded and you
can see the picture behind me now there
are some ways so uh between let me say
every couple of hours depending on the
flights depending on the airlines
operating from ra International Airport
will see a bit of a a wave of people
coming into the airport and and uh you
know trying to make their way towards
the uh counters however there are many
people who are still waiting the people
who've been waiting here for like 16
hours because of delays in their flights
this of course reflects the picture of
urgency and how the uh intern I mean the
foreign countries are trying as much as
possible to get their people outside
Lebanon before an escalation uh we've
heard over the past days warnings from
the United States from France from
Britain from Turkey from uh uh Kuwait
also as we understood the German
government is providing several planes
for the Nationals to leave Lebanon the
Jordanian government also would be is
going to be sending uh three planes to
evacuate jordanians from uh Lebanese
territories so yes of course many
countries want the Nationals to leave
many Lebanese actually are immigrants
and they're here for this summer
vacation and would like to get back to
the country to the countries where they
live to continue their life
normally okay Ali we'll have to leave it
there but uh thank you for bringing us
up to date with uh everything that is
happening there at beut airport Ali
hasham for
us make sure to subscribe our channel to
get the latest news from aler